
The night comes like any other. Soot and sand paint the onyx walls of [[Blackport]] as a storm blows through; the streets are no less busy for the weather. Patrons of the nightlife make their revelry known before many are to set foot through [[The Ash]], either on a merchant's voyage or other expedition, to Baroux. Along side them are adventures there to test their mettle in the wilds, and pilgrims, faithful of Numera, there to walk the path to the lands of the faithful.

Lights pass through the streets as the activities for the night come to their natural conclusion, a night like any other. As the sands whip their way through the alleys, the quakes begin. In the cacophony of the night, the bell tower rings, and silence falls on the streets of Blackport.

This is where the players find themselves.
# Attack on Blackport

Duke Alden demands a performance

Tyr must forge through the night

Count Tamrin
Kingdom south of Blackport

Greddick
Merchant transporting things tomorrow morning

Octavian Tells commoners to walk the streets at night 
Vicar Jebidiah & Jedidiah
Tell him to protect people nearby
Get those close by

Thalion gets people out and has them grab torches
8 - parish
20 - followers
Wants to extort followers

Octavian is locked in the religious district
Alta Noctir circling the premises


Small revolt infront of the Fortress
Paolo is detained and know to the guards
Paolo, Tyr, and Cor are in the fortress with Thalion

Jeremiah knocks out Murcurio
Gets a hold of Cuckoo
Must find a next step


Temples are not an immediate shelter in place location

## NPCs
Greddick
Portly merchant

Count Tamrind


Vicar Jebidiah & Jedidiah
Old clerical members
Overseers of the church before Octavian
White haired thin frame


Murcurio
Ring Masters Outfit
Large Hat, red coat
Brown mustache
Slick back hair

Baldrick Stone
Broad Sholdered
Short cropped hair
Slight shave
