Blackport is one of the few safe havens at the edge of The Ash, a bastion before the hard and vicious trek east to Baroux. You lay down for rest in the night before a monstrous cry is heard. The town's waterways are broken, streets are flooding, and something knocks at the gates. You need to make your way out before it's too late.

The storm has subsided and morning finally comes for the #players. The [[Fiends]] attack the city have retreated and the [[Obsidian Fortress]] shines as a bastion of safety where many of the populace retreated.

Dawn breaks. [[Blackport]] stands. Scarred, but standing.

# Things to Ask the Players

## Octavian
Octavian wishes to ascend to the status of bishop
* What is his status in the royal line?
	More bismirched noble
	 Can't be disowned
	 Don't want you near the capitol
	 

* How is he viewed by nobles who know him?

## Thalion
* How much grief has he seen?
* What records does he keep and how?
* What feeling does he have with Alden?
	* Anger, 

## Paolo
Paolo has worked hard to see some people safely to the fortress and observed fighting off packs
* Baldrick is missing, what opinion do you have?
* Your standing is higher but the Stonesguard under Baldrick has florished, though they are out of commission, what will you do?

## Traits
### Octavian
Chosen One
Catalyst
Aura of Holiness
Aura of Innocence
Alms Taker
Charming
# Notes
Octavian - Church, delivering a sermon
Followers putting posters around the city about contributions

Cor - Looking for Humphry, Collecting spell crafting ingredients (incredibly conspicuous)

Jeremiah - Hungry, Merchant square


Thalion - Caring for the populace

Tyr - Dwarven District, finding out about Pinity and Cassmira
