# Opener
The night is long. Without the veil cast by the night's storm and the drowning cries of the Volatun, Blackport is forced to contend with the sounds of its upheaval. Groups of soldiers are marched out and carted into the Fortress and regular intervals, all the while the prayers of its masses supply the very shield that protects it.

The party shelters inside through the night, doing what could be done to ease the lives of those they could find, and secure the safety of themselves and those they could keep within reach. The cries of the Ancient Worm are oppressive, ever egging the uncertainty and fear of any inside the fortress.

The only solace in the night's despair, are the ritualistic prances of the worshippers of Numera....
and the song. Whether for active comfort or by unconscious effort, the song is what keeps the masses sane in this time of terror. The honeyed lullaby of Thalion is an ever present background for the Fortress as the fiend's siege wanes into the morning.

The storm has subsided and sun finally shines on Obsidian Fortress. 
Dawn breaks. [[Blackport]] stands. Scarred, but standing.

## Paolo
Paolo has worked hard to see some people safely to the fortress and observed fighting off packs
* Baldrick is missing, what opinion do you have?
* Your standing is higher but the Stonesguard under Baldrick has flourished, though they are out of commission, what will you do?

# Important NPCs
Count Tamrin
Kingdom south of Blackport

Greddick
Merchant transporting things tomorrow morning

# The Events
Moring has come and it is time to rebuild and refocus.
Count Tamrind comes to Blackport
* Should enforce some unfavorable deals
* Get party into The Ash headed to Baroux

Give a month of time
Allow for some free skill challenges
Xx - Points
1 - Routine
2 - Difficult
4 - Challenging
*Costs are doubled for Open Magical Skills*
# Character Focuses
## Octavian 
Church, delivering a sermon
Followers putting posters around the city about contributions

Church of Numera - Glistening, background crumbling ruins other religions
addition of father octavian - glowing, small ray of light



## Paolo
Other mercenaries
Only mercenaries
Heading south for medical

Bad Healer

## Cor
Looking for Humphry, Collecting spell crafting ingredients (incredibly conspicuous)
Making money
Caught attention of some observers
## Jeremiah
Hungry, Merchant square

## Thalion
Caring for the populace

Red head, early 20's, simple facial hair. Ornate sword. Fighting in the night
Machinations in the capitol
	Assassinations
     Duke Alden on the Line
     Dealing with the 
## Tyr
Dwarven District, finding out about Pinity and Cassmira

Antir Coppermine
Handed information on bad shipments and information
Using Pinity Forge for work
Showed off Pinity's axe
Desire to acquire the axe is increasing