The storm has subsided and morning finally comes for the players. The Fiends attacking the city have retreated and the Obsidian Fortress shines as a bastion of safety where many of the populace retreated.

Dawn breaks. Blackport stands. Scarred, but standing.

# Opener
Come the morning, the people of Blackport move back to the city proper to reclaim what has been left behind. With the walls of the Fortress at their backs, questions of the night are answered and asked anew. 

The dwarven forge, some broken from the monsters attacks, are lit with foreign magic while the forge master is missing beyond the reach of The Ash, though not before documenting some of the strange shipments that have been made to the Coppermine forges.

Numera's blessing and the church of her divine footsteps remain stalwart after the attacks of the night, but many smaller delegations hosting religious leaders of fringe faiths lay broken in the religious quarter.

The mercenaries who fought through the night are found decimated outside the residential districts, and aid is given to them, even though their current contracts for the day cannot be fulfilled.

And Duke Alden shelters in the Obsidian fortress, sending contingents of soldiers to do the work of damage surveys and populace support while he contends with the coming noble delegation. 

The party now resides back in the Fortress, waiting for the coming meeting of Count Tamrin, as well as the news carried by Tyr and Casmira; and potentially the presence of a rat not seen since the morning dawn.

# Important NPCs
Count Tamrin

Cedric

Murcurio

Greddick

# Notes
Baldrick unconscious
Paolo left name for when they wake

Tamrin keeping eyes on Alden

Demons need artifacts to manifest
Artifacts stolen from
* Religious quarter
	* Need to come up with religion
* Merchant
* Dwarven District
* High Noble District
* Military Ward Confiscation

Some are stolen back by Mogu
Jaggeth being the demon direction Mogu <- The One True King

Stealing from Antir's apprentice

